print type and value in "flake attr is not a derivation" errors (#10779)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/rl-next/print-value-in-installable-flake-error.md

---

> synopsis: New-cli flake commands that expect derivations now print the failing value and its type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
synopsis: `nix flake` commands that expect derivations now print the failing value and its type
```

Author: Looks like the yaml parser doesn't like backticks. I had to remove them again.
